Add integration page for homeassistant_yellow (#28738)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homeassistant_yellow.markdown

---
title: Home Assistant Yellow
description: Home Assistant Green provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.
ha_release: 2022.7
ha_category:
  - Other
ha_codeowners:
  - '@home-assistant/core'
ha_domain: homeassistant_yellow
ha_integration_type: hardware
---

The Home Assistant Yellow integration provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.

> For documentation about the Home Assistant Yellow please visit the [documentation](https://yellow.home-assistant.io/documentation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For documentation on the Home Assistant Yellow, please visit the [documentation](https://yellow.home-assistant.io/documentation/).
If you are looking to buy one, please visit the [product page](https://home-assistant.io/yellow).
```

---
title: Home Assistant Yellow

> description: Home Assistant Green provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Home Assistant Yellow provides hardware information for the hardware configuration page.
```
